Add a new tool: sync-rover-groups (#2595)
openshift/ci-tools: cmd/github-ldap-user-group-creator/README.md

# github-ldap-user-group-creator

## What it does

`github-ldap-user-group-creator` is a tool to maintain the groups on CI clusters.

## Why it exists

The groups are used
- by `ci-operator` which promotes the group to the admins of the namespace created for the test.
- in [the manifests](https://github.com/openshift/release/tree/master/clusters) of CI clusters
  in the release repo.

## How it works

`github-ldap-user-group-creator` reads 
- the mapping files generated by [another tool](../ldap-users-from-github-owners-files) `ldap-users-from-github-owners-files`
that stores the mapping from `github-id` to its Red Hat `kerberos-id` and for each `github-id`, creates a group `github-id-group`
on each cluster.

> - the groups file generated by [another tool](../syn-rover-groups) that stores the group names and their members from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the groups file generated by the [sync-rover-groups](../sync-rover-groups) tool that stores the group names and their members from 
```

Author: Done.

the Red Hat LDAP server and for each group creates a group on each cluster.

## How is it deployed

The periodic

> job [periodic-github-ldap-user-group-creator](https://deck-internal-ci.apps.ci.l2s4.p1.openshiftapps.com/?job=periodic-github-ldap-user-group-creator) ([definition](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/d5ac4fc821a8c366a02ce47cd47e3d774c98497c/ci-operator/jobs/infra-periodics.yaml#L2157-L2199))

Reviewer: I don't know that there is much value in adding the exact lines of the job definition. That seems likely to change a ton and get immediately out of date. Maybe just a link to the `infra-periodics.yaml` file saying it lives in there?

Author: It is a permalink which is not going to be out of date.
https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/using-files/getting-permanent-links-to-files
The content of the job could be tough.

The link to infra job file could be changed as well (i know it is more unlikely).
I do not have a strong opinion on either of them: just we have got many of those permalinks already. :)

Author: Updated.
